This quarter's results have been well completed by everyone
Let's talk about this quarter
Start today.
I have officially become the general manager of Li's Group
Just a name
Don't worry
We continue to discuss our goals for the quarter
How to capture the largest jewelry market in a building
Someone who can't even tell the difference between real and fake jewelry
They also want to capture the largest jewelry market
What do you mean?
Ah give me a piece
Look at this, your cooperation with Zhou Mei to buy and sell fake jewelry
Do you think you can hide it?
Is this all evidence?
Li Zeyan
adjourn
boss
Madam, in order to organize these materials
I've been up for several nights
Would you like to give her a candlelight dinner?
Surprise her
You are getting more and more verbose
No one wants to have a candlelight dinner with a murderer
Aren't you great?
Why was he still suppressed by Li Zeyan?
Don't worry.
The show hasn't started yet
Did you bring the information about the Su Family Jewelry Store that I asked you to bring?
But my mom said that the Su family is preparing financing recently.
Let me not give this information to outsiders casually
Am I an outsider?
Then you have to teach them a good lesson.
Don't worry, I know Li Zeyan
What are you most afraid of?
Li Zeyan officially took office as the general manager of Li's Group today
I don't know if everything is going well.
I know your information on Chasu's jewelry
I can tell you everything.
This is a fake of Zhou Megan Liyuan's deal
Who would send this to me?
Lintesuke
Is Zeyan off work?
Madam Li got off work early today
Said to give you a surprise
Isn't he home yet?
Nope.
Zeyan doesn't answer the phone
Will everything be okay?
There must be something wrong with this text message.